Remove EL7 references for most recent project versions (#1580)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_storage-guidelines.adoc

Log files are written to `/var/log/messages/,` `/var/log/httpd/`, and `/var/lib/foreman-proxy/openscap/content/`.
You can manage the size of these files using *logrotate*.
ifdef::satellite[]

> For more information, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/1294[logrotate utility solution].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/1294[How to use logrotate utility to rotate log files].
```
Pls, use the exact title of the article :)

Author: Addressed :+1:

Log files are written to `/var/log/messages/,` `/var/log/httpd/`, and `/var/lib/foreman-proxy/openscap/content/`.
You can manage the size of these files using *logrotate*.
ifdef::satellite[]

> For more information, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/7/html/system_administrators_guide/ch-viewing_and_managing_log_files#s2-log_rotation[Log Rotation] in the _{RHEL} 7 System Administrator’s Guide_.

Reviewer 2: Please replace this with the RHEL 8 equivalent.

Reviewer: There doesn't seem to be an equivalent in RHEL8 Docs, but I was suggested this [Solution Article](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/1294) by people in the RHEL tech chat.

Author: Addressed :+1: 
Please review the wording.
